None' Lineups are announced and players are warming up.
0' First Half begins.
1' Corner, Rayo Vallecano. Conceded by Jules Koundé.
4' Attempt blocked. Pedri (Barcelona) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Lamine Yamal.
5' Corner, Barcelona. Conceded by Dani Cárdenas.
6' Foul by Jozhua Vertrouwd (Rayo Vallecano).
6' Lamine Yamal (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
7' Attempt blocked. Raphinha (Barcelona) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
7' Corner, Barcelona. Conceded by Iván Balliu.
7' Attempt missed. Pau Cubarsí (Barcelona) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Lamine Yamal with a cross following a corner.
7' Corner, Barcelona. Conceded by Iván Balliu.
9' Foul by Óscar Valentín (Rayo Vallecano).
9' Marc Bernal (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
10' Attempt blocked. Lamine Yamal (Barcelona) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Marc Bernal.
12' Goal! Barcelona 0, Rayo Vallecano 1. Sergio Camello (Rayo Vallecano) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the top left corner. Assisted by Álvaro García.
14' Attempt saved. Raphinha (Barcelona) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal by Dani Cárdenas (Rayo Vallecano). Assisted by Dani Olmo with a headed pass.
14' Corner, Barcelona. Conceded by Dani Cárdenas.
15' Attempt missed. Andreas Christensen (Barcelona) header from very close range is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Raphinha with a cross following a corner.
15' Corner, Barcelona. Conceded by Iván Balliu.
15' Corner, Barcelona. Conceded by Pathé Ciss.
15' Attempt missed. Dani Olmo (Barcelona) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Lamine Yamal.
16' Attempt missed. Lamine Yamal (Barcelona) left footed shot from the right side of the six yard box misses to the left. Assisted by Dani Olmo.
16' Attempt blocked. Dani Olmo (Barcelona) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the left is blocked. Assisted by Lamine Yamal.
17' Attempt missed. Marc Bernal (Barcelona) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Lamine Yamal.
18' Offside, Barcelona. Lamine Yamal is caught offside.
19' Goal! Barcelona 1, Rayo Vallecano 1. Raphinha (Barcelona) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Xavi Espart.
21' Goal! Barcelona 2, Rayo Vallecano 1. Lamine Yamal (Barcelona) left footed shot from the right side of the box to the top right corner. Assisted by Marc Bernal.
27' Foul by Jozhua Vertrouwd (Rayo Vallecano).
27' Lamine Yamal (Barcelona) wins a free kick on the right wing.
28' Attempt missed. Pedri (Barcelona) right footed shot from the right side of the box is too high. Assisted by Raphinha following a set piece situation.
29' Foul by Iván Balliu (Rayo Vallecano).
29' Xavi Espart (Barcelona) wins a free kick on the left wing.
31' Offside, Rayo Vallecano. Álvaro García is caught offside.
32' Delay in match because of an injury Jozhua Vertrouwd (Rayo Vallecano).
32' Substitution, Rayo Vallecano. Adrià Pedrosa replaces Jozhua Vertrouwd because of an injury.
32' Delay over. They are ready to continue.
33' Foul by Óscar Valentín (Rayo Vallecano).
33' Anthony Gordon (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
35' Attempt missed. Florian Lejeune (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left.
36' Attempt saved. Anthony Gordon (Barcelona) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal by Dani Cárdenas (Rayo Vallecano). Assisted by Pedri.
37' Attempt saved. Gnangoro (Rayo Vallecano) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner by Joan García (Barcelona). Assisted by Sergio Camello.
38' Offside, Barcelona. Raphinha is caught offside.
40' Attempt saved. Marc Bernal (Barcelona) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal by Dani Cárdenas (Rayo Vallecano). Assisted by Jules Koundé.
40' Corner, Barcelona. Conceded by Dani Cárdenas.
41' Corner, Barcelona. Conceded by Florian Lejeune.
42' Gnangoro (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
42' Foul by Andreas Christensen (Barcelona).
43' Attempt blocked. Anthony Gordon (Barcelona) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Pedri.
43' Corner, Barcelona. Conceded by Pathé Ciss.
44' Foul by Óscar Valentín (Rayo Vallecano).
44' Pedri (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
45' Attempt saved. Anthony Gordon (Barcelona) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal by Dani Cárdenas (Rayo Vallecano). Assisted by Raphinha.
45' GOAL OVERTURNED BY VAR: Jules Koundé (Barcelona) scores but the goal is ruled out after a VAR review.
45' Offside, Barcelona. Jules Koundé is caught offside.
45' VAR Decision: No Goal Barcelona 2-1 Rayo Vallecano.
45' Fourth official has announced 3 minutes of added time.
45' First Half ends, Barcelona 2, Rayo Vallecano 1.
0' Second Half begins Barcelona 2, Rayo Vallecano 1.
47' Offside, Rayo Vallecano. Iván Balliu is caught offside.
48' Attempt missed. Lamine Yamal (Barcelona) left footed shot from outside the box is too high.
49' Foul by Florian Lejeune (Rayo Vallecano).
49' Pedri (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
51' Own Goal by Florian Lejeune, Rayo Vallecano. Barcelona 3, Rayo Vallecano 1.
53' Delay in match (Barcelona).
53' Delay over. They are ready to continue.
55' Unai López (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
55' Foul by Marc Bernal (Barcelona).
56' Offside, Rayo Vallecano. Jorge de Frutos is caught offside.
57' Substitution, Rayo Vallecano. Pedro Díaz replaces Gnangoro.
57' Substitution, Rayo Vallecano. Fran Pérez replaces Jorge de Frutos.
58' Corner, Rayo Vallecano. Conceded by Andreas Christensen.
59' Goal! Barcelona 3, Rayo Vallecano 2. Sergio Camello (Rayo Vallecano) header from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Unai López with a cross following a corner.
60' Adrià Pedrosa (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
60' Foul by Jules Koundé (Barcelona).
61' Attempt missed. Fran Pérez (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Adrià Pedrosa with a cross.
61' Attempt blocked. Sergio Camello (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
62' Attempt blocked. Sergio Camello (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Pedro Díaz.
64' Substitution, Barcelona. Fermín López replaces Dani Olmo.
64' Substitution, Barcelona. Rodri replaces Marc Bernal.
65' Attempt blocked. Lamine Yamal (Barcelona) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Xavi Espart.
65' Attempt missed. Xavi Espart (Barcelona) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Fermín López with a cross.
67' Corner, Rayo Vallecano. Conceded by Xavi Espart.
69' Attempt blocked. Fermín López (Barcelona) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Lamine Yamal.
69' Attempt missed. Anthony Gordon (Barcelona) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left.
71' Goal! Barcelona 4, Rayo Vallecano 2. Raphinha (Barcelona) left footed shot from the left side of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Anthony Gordon following a fast break.
75' Substitution, Rayo Vallecano. Alemão replaces Sergio Camello.
75' Substitution, Rayo Vallecano. Randy Nteka replaces Unai López.
76' Alemão (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick on the left wing.
76' Foul by Pau Cubarsí (Barcelona).
77' Substitution, Barcelona. João Cancelo replaces Pedri.
77' Substitution, Barcelona. Karim Adeyemi replaces Anthony Gordon.
79' Attempt saved. Karim Adeyemi (Barcelona) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal by Dani Cárdenas (Rayo Vallecano). Assisted by Lamine Yamal.
81' Attempt missed. Florian Lejeune (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Pedro Díaz.
82' Attempt saved. Randy Nteka (Rayo Vallecano) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal by Joan García (Barcelona). Assisted by Adrià Pedrosa.
82' Foul by Pedro Díaz (Rayo Vallecano).
82' Fermín López (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
84' Foul by Adrià Pedrosa (Rayo Vallecano).
84' Lamine Yamal (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
85' Attempt missed. João Cancelo (Barcelona) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high.
86' Substitution, Barcelona. Hamza Abdelkarim replaces Raphinha.
86' Offside, Rayo Vallecano. Álvaro García is caught offside.
89' Corner, Rayo Vallecano. Conceded by Andreas Christensen.
90' Foul by Adrià Pedrosa (Rayo Vallecano).
90' Hamza Abdelkarim (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
90' Adrià Pedrosa (Rayo Vallecano) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
90' Goal! Barcelona 5, Rayo Vallecano 2. Lamine Yamal (Barcelona) left footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Karim Adeyemi.
90' Fourth official has announced 5 minutes of added time.
90' Attempt saved. Alemão (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner by Joan García (Barcelona).
90' Corner, Rayo Vallecano. Conceded by Joan García.
90' Attempt missed. Florian Lejeune (Rayo Vallecano) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Pedro Díaz with a cross following a corner.
90' Foul by Fran Pérez (Rayo Vallecano).
90' Andreas Christensen (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
90' Second Half ends, Barcelona 5, Rayo Vallecano 2.
0' Match ends, Barcelona 5, Rayo Vallecano 2.